# Bodyscienceas-
Who owns Australia’s BSC (Body Science)?
The answer, Gregory Young and Nathan Picklum. BSC or Bodyscienceas it was previously known is Australia’s biggest supplement company, and it’s no fluke or good luck that they have become number 1.
With aggressive marketing, Young and Picklum have managed to take very average quality products to the mass market through distribution channels like Coles, Woolworths as well as Pharmacy & Supplement stores.
On the outside looking in BSC is an Australian success story, however dig a little deeper and you will see not everything is as it seems.
Greg Young does not fit the profile of someone who is the director of a company that is a market leader in the health & fitness industry. In fact looking at Young you would be excused to think that health & fitness was not something of an interest to him as he is extremely overweight. And a quick look at Nathan Picklum’s Instagram account would make you think he has a bigger interest in drinking beer and partyingthan he does in health & fitness, as he proclaims to be able to “party for 3 nights”. In fact looking atPicklum one would be excused for wondering if he has ever actually been to the gym, such is his soft, pudgy exterior.
These two entrepreneurs simply do not look like they are directors of a health and fitness brand.
So this leads us to looking at BSC the business. After some investigating it seems that the name Body Science wasn’t an original idea after all. A company in Sweden has used the name Body Science for quite some time before the Australian Body Science was born. BSC is merely an evolvement of another company’s name. And from here we start to notice a trend in the BSC business model.
If we look at BSC’s flagship products we will notice a lot of similarities to other brands and products that have been around a lot longer than the BSC version. For instance the BSC compression gear is very similar and was created after the Skins brand introduced the first range of compression tights and garments to mainstream clothing stores. 
BSC’s Hydoxyburn Pro Diet was an almost exact replica of the USA’s best sellingHydroxycuts. Before BSC rebranded it was almost impossible to tell the two apart. The US version was out long before the BSC version.
BSC’s TX 100 Green Tea is probably their most blatant plagiarism to date almost copying identically the packaging of the best selling Green Tea X50. So obvious is the copy that even though BSC has just rebranded all their packaging to black, however they have opted to make their TX100 tea in the same green and white colours of the X50.
